Course Page: about-the-instructor

About The Instructor
JASON LEVINE
Jason is a UX-focused User Experience Design Director, focusing on creating brand significance through design, messaging and user experience. His methodology is to meld psychology, brand preference, and business objectives to create online user experiences that deliver on performance, user engagement, and revenue metrics. He currently leads User Experience for Internet of Things at AWS.
His portfolio of work includes Virgin, Vodafone, Microsoft, T-Mobile, Premera Blue Cross, ABC Television, All Recipes, Trulia, Dex, the State of Washington Employment Security Department, and Match.com. In October of 2010, Jason’s design studio,
Perfect Pixels
, merged with Ramp Group- a leading UX and Development firm based in Bellevue, Washington.
Formerly a Creative Director within Virgin’s Travel Group in the UK and Design Director for Classmates.com, Jason has over fifteen years of experience in interactive design. He has a background in brand strategy, usability & heuristics analysis, and interface design.
While at Classmates.com, Jason pitched, architected and conceived a wholesale redesign of the 60 million-user network. The position played a key strategic role in prototyping an extensive community-networking site in order to expand Classmates beyond high school. Jason’s role also included responsibility for multi-channel campaigns, content updates, comps and prototypes for advertiser presentations, print projects, email products, viral games, etc. Since the launch of the redesign in August 2005, user activity, page views and paid subscriptions have significantly increased with record revenue.
While at Virgin, he managed a team of designers and ASP programmers for Virgin’s consumer, business and wholesale travel websites. The position was to provide leadership in the architecture, structure, interaction design and branding for all of the five sites managed by Virgin’s Travel Group, as well as oversight of all off-line advertising. Virgin has since grown, from ranking 28th in travel within the UK to the top 10, as well as tripling sales for 2003.
Jason has also developed sites for clients ranging from the UK’s National Lottery to idealab! to Microsoft and Hewlett Packard. He spent several years in Los Angeles with the branding agency Siegel & Gale working with clients ranging from American Express, Countrywide, Experian, Rockwell and CB Richard Ellis. He also worked in Siegel & Gale’s San Francisco and New York offices founding their information design departments, before moving to London.
Jason has won several industry awards for his designs and attended the School of Arts at California State University Northridge. Beginning in the Spring 2012 quarter, Jason is teaching in the undergrad program for the Information School as well as the Masters of Communication in Digital Media program for the University of Washington. The two classes are in Information Architecture and Interactive Design.