Course Page: about-your-course-5

About Your Course
Your course has default settings that should be helpful for many UW instructors. It also includes the
Instructors: START HERE
Module which contains:
Information about the course
A guide to the basic features of Canvas
Tips for increasing the accessibility of your course
How to get help with Canvas
A Technology Support and Resources page you can tailor and share with students
The
Instructors: START HERE
Module and all of its contents are unpublished and are not visible to students. You can choose to leave the module unpublished for your reference, or remove it entirely using the instructions below (under Editing or Removing the Instructors: START HERE Module).
COURSE SETTINGS
Grade Book Settings
The
Grade Posting Policy
for the course has been set to
Manually Post Grades
. This means that
g
rades are hidden by default
and will not be visible to students until you choose to make them available.
You can
change your Grade Posting Policy
to
Automatically Post Grades if you want
assignment grades to be visible to students as soon as they are entered.
Course Settings
To prevent students from viewing course summary statistics and figuring out each others’ grades, the
Hide grade distribution graphs from students
setting has been selected to hide grade distribution graphs.
If you want students to have access to this course data,
you can
change this setting
.
Course Navigation Settings
The following items have been hidden/disabled to streamline the course navigation:
Attendance
Files
BigBlueButton
Outcomes
Rubrics
You can hide, show, and reorder course navigation links
.
Changing Settings
You can change any of the default settings listed above by referring to the linked guides.
Be aware that resetting your course removes
ALL content
and changes the URL of the course to a new URL.
Resetting the course
will not reset the default settings or remove the
For Instructors: START HERE
Module. The only way to change the default settings is to use the instructions above.
EDITING OR REMOVING THE INSTRUCTORS: START HERE MODULE
The
Instructors: START HERE
Module and all of its contents are unpublished and are not visible to students. If you'd like to delete the Module or any of its contents:
Remove items from modules
. Click the three dot menu
to the right of any content item in a module to open a context menu where you can select
Remove
. This option removes the content from the module but not the course. The pages will still appear in the Pages section of the course unless you delete them there.
Delete a module
. Similar to removing items from a module, click the three dot menu in the upper right-hand corner of the module and select
Delete
from the menu. This deletes the module from the Modules page, but any content it contained can still be found in the corresponding area of the course (such as Pages.)
If you plan to share the
Technology Support and Resources
page with students, either
move
or
copy
the page to another Module and
edit
it to personalize the information for your course.
Module updated March 2023