Course Page: getting-started-with-your-canvas-course-2

Getting Started with Your Canvas Course-2
WHAT'S IN A CANVAS COURSE?
Home/Modules
The home page of this course is set to Modules. Modules help you to organize your course materials in a logical, linear way. Once a student clicks the first item in the Module, they will be guided through each item in order. For example, in the Module shown below, students will first read content on a Page, then submit to an Assignment and take a Quiz to assess their understanding of the material.
Learn more about
adding content
or
text headers
to your modules
.
You can organize by weeks, topics, units, or any structure that makes sense for your course structure.
Syllabus
Y
ou can use the
built-in Syllabus page
in your course to post a syllabus for students.
Note:
Providing a link to a downloadable and printable version syllabus file (such as a .docx) makes it easier for students to print a copy instead of having to try to reformat and print from the Syllabus page, which isn't designed to be printable.
Files
By default, the
Files
section of this course is hidden from students to reduce visual clutter and direct them to Modules. You can use the Files section to store content for the course but
make sure to leave files unpublished if you do not want students to view them
. If you choose to make the Files section visible, consider these best practices:
To help students locate materials quickly and easily, use a folder scheme that matches the organization of the course or Modules.
Use recognizable folder and file names.
Be consistent with names and organization.
Pages
The information you're reading now is one example of how to use a Page in Canvas.
Learn more about adding content with Pages
. Consider beginning each Module with an overview page that frames the week, letting students know what to expect with clear tasks and due dates. You can even
add pages to students' To-Do lists
to help them understand how parts of the course fit into their week.
Once you've created Pages, make sure to add them into the correct Module so your students can find them easily and know which course materials they belong with.
Other content areas
To learn how to use other Canvas features, see the documentation on IT Connect under
Canvas Help for Instructors and Staff
. If you use of any of these tools, consider including them in Modules so students can navigate to them directly.
Here are some Canvas tools to explore:
Announcements
Calendar
Discussions
Groups
Quizzes
Collaborations
TIPS AND TOOLS
Editing Course Navigation
You
control which items show in the course navigation
and in what order. We've
already hidden some navigation items
to simplify the course as you get started. Hidden items and items without any content are marked with with an eye with a line through it, and aren't visible to students.
You may want to hide other items in order to clearly direct your students to use Modules as their starting point for navigating the course, rather than randomly searching through the course navigation.
Student View
Student View
in Canvas lets you experience your course as students will see it. Use this view as you’re building your course to ensure that the structure you create is logical and linear.
Please note that once you use Student View, a “Test Student” will be added permanently to your gradebook. This will not affect grades or course data.