Course Page: comm-lead-practices-and-policies

Comm Lead Practices and Policies
Student Support Resources
Listed below are a selection of resources for all Comm Lead students. If you know of someone who is having trouble and not able to track down the help they need, please encourage them to reach out to the
Associate Director
.
COVID-19 Resources
Novel Coronavirus & COVID-19: Facts & Resources
- This is UW's centralized hub for information on the pandemic and the university's response.
COVID-19 Health and Safety Resources | EH&S
- The Environmental Health & Safety Department (EH&S) maintains COVID-19 prevention policies, guidance, and resources for the UW community.
Healthcare
Physical Health
On-Demand Virtual Care | UW Medicine
Health Insurance & COVID-19 FAQ
Mental Health Support
Mental Health | Husky Health & Well-Being
—
Available for all UW students. Call 206.543.1240 to schedule a virtual visit with a UW therapist.
Counseling Center
— The Counseling Center is providing all services via secure Zoom.
LiveWell | Husky Health & Well-Being
—
Student Care Coordinators work to a support plan in regards to tackling things like financial problems, stress, alcohol/substance abuse, suicidality, hardship withdrawals ("Former Quarter Drops") and more.
Virtual Let's Talk | Husky Health & Well-Being
- Let’s Talk is a program that connects UW students with support from experienced counselors from the
Counseling Center
without an appointment.
24/7 Support
— UW partners with
My SSP
to give students access to real-time, confidential mental health and crisis intervention support, 24/7 and in multiple languages, no matter where they are currently living. There are several ways to connect:
Phone:
Call
1.866.743.7732
(If calling from outside the US or Canada, dial
001.416.380.6578
)
Online chat:
Chat with a My SSP counselor on the
My SSP website
the My SSP app
(
Apple App Store
|
Google Play
)
Off-Campus Resources for Mental Health | Husky Health & Well-Being
Safety Concerns
SafeCampus
— a UW resource available to staff, faculty, and students for safety and wellbeing concerns. You can call them anytime, anonymously, or not, at 206-685-7233 or email safecampus@uw.edu to consult about resources and options available to you or others.
Advocacy | Sexual Assault Resources
— UW offers free advocacy and support for students impacted by sexual assault, relationship violence, domestic violence, stalking, sexual harassment, and other related experiences. Advocacy is safe and confidential and meeting with an advocate does not trigger any investigation or formal reporting or complaint process. The
Livewell Confidential Advocate
serves students enrolled at UW Seattle. To connect you can email lwadvoc@uw.edu or call 206-685-4357.
Reporting Bias Incidents
- Report all incidents of bias or suspected bias using the UW's bias reporting tool, which was created in partnership with the Office of Minority Affairs and Diversity, the Office of Student Life and the president's Race & Equity Initiative.
Food Support
The UW Food Pantry | Any Hungry Husky
Emergency Aid
(can be used for variety of needs)
Technology & Course Support
Student Technology Loan Program page on
Reserving Equipment
UW IT page on
Low-Cost
Computer Options
UW Academic Support Programs page on
Online Learning
UW Libraries page on
Teaching Support for Remote Learning
UW IT page on
Internet Connectivity
for learning, teaching and working remotely (also includes additional resources)
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
At Comm Lead, we recognize our power to effect change, and embrace the responsibility that comes with that power. Students, faculty, and staff, are asked to be aware of their social position, privilege, and implicit biases. Classrooms seek a diversity of voices for guidance and authority. We advocate for the vulnerable and prioritize accessibility, inclusion, and equity in all of our work.
Comm Lead operates within the larger context of the Department of Communication, and our shared Diversity statement can be read here:
Difference and Equity Statement
Religious Accommodations
Washington state law requires that UW develop a policy for accommodation of student absences or significant hardship due to reasons of faith or conscience, or for organized religious activities. The UW’s policy, including more information about how to request an accommodation, is available at
Religious Accommodations Policy
.
Accommodations must be requested within the first two weeks of this course using the
Religious Accommodations Request form
.
Disability Accommodations
The student experience in this class is important. If you have already established accommodations with
Disability Resources for Students
(DRS), please communicate your approved accommodations to your instructor at your earliest convenience so they can discuss your needs in this course.
If you have not yet established services through DRS, but have a temporary health condition or permanent disability that requires accommodations (conditions include but not limited to: mental health, attention-related, learning, vision, hearing, physical or health impacts), you are welcome to contact DRS at 206-543-8924 or uwdrs@uw.edu or
Disability Resources for Students
.
DRS offers resources and coordinates reasonable accommodations for students with disabilities and/or temporary health conditions.  Reasonable accommodations are established through an interactive process between you, your instructor(s) and DRS.  It is the policy and practice of the University of Washington to create inclusive and accessible learning environments consistent with federal and state law.
Intellectual Property
The lectures and course materials, including PowerPoint presentations, prompts, exams, emails, outlines, notes and similar materials, are the exclusive property of the instructor and protected by U.S. copyright law and by University policy. You may take notes and make copies of course materials for your own use. You may also share those materials with another student who is enrolled in or auditing this course.
You may not reproduce, distribute or display (post/upload) lecture notes, screenshots, emails, or recordings or course materials in any other way — whether or not a fee is charged — without express prior written consent from the copyright owner. You also may not allow others to do so. If you do so, you may be subject to student conduct proceedings under the University of Washington code of conduct.
You, in turn, own the copyright in your original papers, exam essays, and any other creative products. The instructor may ask to post your responses or selections of your papers or creative work as learning opportunities in course materials, but only with your permission.
Standards of Conduct
All interactions among Comm Lead community members should seek to respect the rights and privileges of all members of the academic community. This includes not interfering with university functions or endangering the health, welfare, or safety of other persons.
All Comm Lead students are expected to abide by the University of Washington's
Student Conduct Code
.
In addition, Comm Lead promotes the following standards of conduct, to foster a healthy community:
With respect to communication, in and out of the classroom, among students and instructors
Listen actively: respect others when they are talking.
Community growth depends on inclusion of all individual voices. Participate to the fullest and share the space.
Speak from your own experience instead of generalizing (use “I” instead of “we”).
Avoid invalidating someone else’s story by giving your own spin on their experience.
Focus on ideas. Ideas are okay to disagree about. Personal attacks are not okay.
The goal is not to agree. The goal is to gain a deeper understanding.
Assume good intentions. Take care with your own words so your intentions can align with them.
Be conscious of body language and nonverbal responses, which can be as encouraging of sharing or as disrespectful as spoken words.
Monitor your emotions and manage your behavior. If you need to step away from a conversation, do so. This means exiting a breakout room as needed.
With respect to electronic communications among students and instructors
If, as a student, you have a question about course content or procedures, please first use the online discussion board designed for this purpose if such has been created. If you have specific questions about your performance, contact the instructor directly.
Instructors strive to respond to email communications within 48 hours. If you do not hear from them, please come to their office hours, call them with provided phone number, or send a reminder email.
Email communications should be limited to occasional messages necessary to the specific educational experience at hand.
Email communications should not include CC-ing of anyone not directly involved in the specific educational experience at hand.
Email communications should not include any blind-CC-ing to third parties, regardless of the third party’s relevance to the matter at hand.
Attendance
While Comm Lead understands that as a professional program students will now and again have work or personal conflicts, it is expected that all students communicate well in advance to instructors so that arrangements can be made for making up the work that was missed. It is the students' responsibility to seek out support from classmates for notes, handouts, and other information.
Incompletes
An Incomplete may be given only when the student has been in attendance and has done satisfactory work to within two weeks of the end of the quarter and has furnished proof satisfactory to the instructor that the work cannot be completed because of illness or other circumstances beyond the student’s control.
Grading Scale
Grades in this class are based on a percentage scale, calculated by dividing the points earned by the points possible. This calculation may be performed for either individual assignments or the course as a whole. The grades for both are based on this progressive scale:
97% - 100% = 4.0
94% - 96.9% = 3.9
91% - 93.9% = 3.8
89% - 90.9% = 3.7
87% - 88.9% = 3.6
86% - 86.9% = 3.5
85% - 85.9% = 3.4
84% - 84.9% = 3.3
82.3% - 83.9% = 3.2
80.7% - 82.2% = 3.1
79% - 80.6% = 3.0
77.7% - 78.9% = 2.9
76.3% - 77.6% = 2.8
75% - 76.2% = 2.7
Academic Misconduct
Comm Lead is committed to upholding the academic standards of the University of Washington’s
Student Conduct Code
. If an instructor suspects a violation of that code from one of their students, the first expectation is that they will engage in a conversation with that student about their concerns.
In most cases, Comm Lead instructors can successfully resolve suspected academic misconduct incidences directly with that student.
If, after speaking and negotiating one-on-one, a particular situation requires involvement beyond the instructor, the matter should be elevated to the
Associate Director
. The Associate Director, in consultation with the Directors can then work with you to pursue next steps in accordance with the UW code of conduct guidelines.
While evidence of academic misconduct may result in a lower grade, faculty may not unilaterally lower a grade without taking the necessary steps outlined above.
For more information and resources, including
Academic Misconduct
, the
Student Conduct Process
, and
Student Rights
, visit:
Students | Community Standards & Student Conduct
For issues of plagiarism please review this information provided by the university:
Plagiarism and Student Writing
Remote Online Access
Participation in this course requires students to access Internet resources that may not be accessible directly in some places outside of the UW campus. Specifically, students in this course will need to access UW resources including Canvas, UW Libraries which require users to login with a UW NetID, and some external resources such as Zoom, Google Docs, YouTube, and/or eBook websites. For students who are off-campus and are in a situation where direct access to these required resources is not possible, UW IT recommends that students use the official UW VPN, called Husky OnNet VPN (see instructions are below). However, students who are outside the US while taking this course should be aware that they may be subject to laws, policies and/or technological systems which restrict the use of any VPNs. UW does not guarantee students’ access to UW resources when students are off-campus, and students are responsible for their own compliance with all laws regarding the use of Husky OnNet and all other UW resources, per UW policy:
Appropriate Use | IT Connect
UW-IT provides the Husky OnNet VPN free for UW students via this link (
Download and Use Husky OnNet
) and advises students to use it with the “All Internet Traffic” option enabled. See the UW Libraries instructions (
Husky OnNet (BIG-IP Edge Client) | UW Libraries
) and
Husky OnNet FAQs | IT Connect
. Doing so will route all incoming and outgoing Internet through UW servers while it is enabled.
Video Recording
If this course is scheduled to run synchronously at our scheduled class time via Zoom, these Zoom class sessions will be recorded, in order to provide optimal access to all students. The recording will capture the presenter’s audio, video, and computer screen. Student audio and video will be recorded if they share their computer audio and video during the recorded session. The recordings will only be accessible to students enrolled in the course to review materials. These recordings will not be shared with or accessible to the public.
The University and Zoom have FERPA-compliant agreements in place to protect the security and privacy of UW Zoom accounts.
Students who do not wish to be recorded should:
Change their Zoom screen name to hide any personal identifying information like their name or UW Net ID; and
Not share their computer audio or video during their Zoom sessions
Zoom Best Practices