Course Page: improving-accessibility-5

Improving Accessibility
Some students choose to work with
UW Disability Resources for Students (DRS)
to make formal accommodation requests. Not all students with disabilities make this choice or know they have the option. Include an
access and accomodations statement
in your syllabus to encourage students seeking accommodations to work with
UW DRS
.
Providing accessible materials will have a broader impact than you may ever know. Students in your class may have temporary disabilities, due to illness or injury, or hidden disabilities, such as mental illness or chronic pain; an accessible course benefits everyone. Because accessibility is an ongoing practice, here are a few simple ways to begin to
build accessibility
into your course:
Use Headings
Use Meaningful Link Text
Add Alternate Text to Images
Use Tables Wisely
Ensure PDFs are Accessible
Caption Your Videos
and use videos that are already captioned
Below you’ll find a quick reference for each of these tasks.
Learn more about how these practices help all students
, by visiting the
Practical Skills for Creating Accessible Course Content
module in UW Learning Technologies'
Teaching with UW Technologies
course.
You can also
review the accessibility
of your course using
Ally
, the Canvas
Accessibility Checker
, and the DRS
Online Course Accessibility Checklist
.
Use Headings
Sighted learners can skim a page and use visual cues, such as
larger
or
bold
text, to find the section of a document they want to read. However, for someone using an
assistive technology
such as a
screen reader
, these visual markups are useless for navigation.
Using styles and headings allows a screen reader to navigate from section to section, creating a more equitable experience.
In Canvas,
Heading 1
is reserved for page titles. You can use the style menu at the top of the
Rich Content Editor
to apply
Headers 2
,
3
, and
4
to your text. There's no option to preserve existing formatting when you apply Headers in Canvas, but you can adjust formatting after the header is applied.
Use Meaningful Link Text
Meaningful links are links where the URL is embedded in text, which are more accessible for anyone using a screen reader
or speech-to-text technology
. You can see an example of a meaningful link in the next sentence.
Use this step-by-step guide
with screenshots to create a meaningful link in Canvas.
Add Alternative Text to Images
Alt text
is "Alt text is a short description of the image, residing behind the scenes, where its purpose is to communicate the content of an image to people who can’t see it (for example, a person who is blind, using an audible screen reader or Braille device)". Browsers also display alt text visibly if an image fails to load.
By default, Canvas uses the image file name as the alt text, which should be changed to something more descriptive. Alt text is not the same as the image title, which generates text when users hover over the image.
You can learn more about how to provide alt text for images or marking non-informational images as decorative in
Canvas in this
guide on embedding images
.
Use Tables Wisely
Tables are a great tool for organizing information, but when used incorrectly or improperly formatted they can be a roadblock for students who use screen readers. Many of us are guilty of using tables for layout in our documents, helping to make everything neat and tidy. And who hasn't used a table to provide a schedule in their syllabus?
For greater accessibility, it’s best to only use tables when absolutely necessary and to make sure they are
formatted correctly
for students to navigate with a screen reader.
The
Canvas Accessibility Checker
can help you with making your tables accessible.
Ensure PDFs are Accessible
PDF files pose unique challenges for accessibility. In order to be accessible, PDFs must be “tagged,” meaning that text, headings, images, and other elements of the documents have been labeled in a specific way to be readable by assistive technologies.
Image-based PDF files may need to be converted.
UW Disability Resource Services
can assist with conversion for accommodation requests. Faculty, students and staff can use the
free online conversion tool
to turn one file type (image PDF) into another (text selectable PDF).
For detailed instructions on how to ensure that PDFs included in your course are accessible, please see the following guides from UW Accessible Technology:
Checking PDFs for Accessibility
Creating Accessible PDFs from Microsoft Word
Creating Accessible PDF Forms Using Adobe Acrobat Pro
Creating Accessible PDFs from Adobe InDesign
Caption Your Videos
According to UW Accessible Technology, captions are "... essential for ensuring your video is accessible to students, employees, and members of the public who are deaf or hard of hearing. They also help non-native English speakers to understand the video, make it possible to search for content within the video, [and] help all students learn the spelling of technical terms spoken in the video...".
Here are guides on how to caption in the most common UW supported teaching tools:
Canvas
: For videos created or uploaded into Canvas, Canvas uses a tool called
Amara
to sync your script with a video.
Learn more about captioning videos in Canvas
.
Panopto
:
By default, machine-generated captions are automatically added to your Panopto videos. These captions do not satisfy any DRS accommodations. Learn more about
Captioning Panopto Recordings
.
Zoom
:
Use audio transcription for cloud recording
If you have course-related recordings that will be heavily used, you may be able to have them professionally captioned for free. To apply, simply fill out the
captioning service application
.  If you have had a request for accommodations then your video is not eligible for this funding; instead work with
UW Disability Resources for Students
or the
Disability Services Office
.
Additional UW Resources for Accessibility
Accessible Technology at the UW
University of Washington IT Accessibility Guidelines
UW-IT Accessible Technology Services (ATS)
Disability Resources for Students (DRS)
Disabilities, Opportunities, Internetworking, and Technology (DO-IT)
Practical Skills for Creating Accessible Course Content:
module in UW Learning Technologies'
Teaching with UW Technologies
course.