Course Page: getting-started-with-your-canvas-course-4

Getting Started with Your Canvas Course
WHAT'S IN A CANVAS COURSE?
Home/Modules
The home page of this course is set to Modules. Modules help you organize your course content in a logical, linear structure. Once a student clicks the first item in the Module, they will be guided through each item in order.
For example, in the Module shown below, students will first read the “Crafting a Strong Resume: Format and Structure” Page, then submit to the Assignment “Activity: Write Your Own Resume Blurbs”, and finally, take a Quiz to assess their understanding of the material.
Learn more about
adding content
or
text headers
to your modules
.
You can organize Modules by weeks, topics, units, or any structure that makes sense for your course structure.
Syllabus
You can use the
built-in Syllabus page
in your course to post a syllabus for students.
Note:
Providing a link to a downloadable and printable version syllabus file (such as a .docx) makes it easier for students to print a copy. Otherwise they’ll have to try to reformat and print from the Syllabus page, which isn't designed to be printable.
Files
By default, the
Files
section of this course is hidden from students to reduce visual clutter and direct them to Modules. You can use the Files section to store materials for the course but
make sure to leave files unpublished if you do not want students to view them
.
If you choose to make the Files section visible, consider these helpful practices:
To help students locate materials quickly and easily, use a folder scheme that matches the organization of the course or Modules.
Use recognizable folder and file names.
Be consistent with names and organization.
Pages
The information you're reading now is one example of how to use a Page in Canvas.
Learn more about adding content with Pages
. Consider beginning each Module with an overview page that frames the week, letting students know what to expect with clear tasks and due dates. You can even
add Pages to students' To-Do lists
to help them understand how components of the course fit into their week.
Once you've created Pages, add them into the correct Module so students can find them easily and understand how they fit into their learning.
Other content areas
To learn how to use other Canvas features, see the documentation on IT Connect under
Canvas Help for Instructors and Staff
.
Here are some Canvas tools to explore:
Announcements
Calendar
Discussions
Groups
Quizzes
Collaborations
TIPS AND TOOLS
Editing Course Navigation
You
control which items are included in the course navigation
and in what order. We've
already hidden some navigation items
to simplify the course as you get started.
Hidden items (and areas without any content) aren't visible to students and are marked with an icon of an eye with a line through it.
You may choose to hide other navigation items to clearly direct students to use Modules as their starting point for navigating the course, rather than randomly searching through the course navigation.
Student View
Student View
in
Canvas gives you the opportunity to experience your course as students will see it. Use this view as you build your course to ensure the structure you create is clear, logical, and linear. When you’re finished using Student View, remember to click the
Leave Student View
button to resume working with your course in the Teacher role.
Please note that once you use Student View, a “Test Student” will be permanently added to your gradebook. This will not affect grades or course data.