Course Page: canvas-help-and-resources-3

Canvas Help and Resources
UW Resources in the Course Navigation
The
UW Resources link
in the Canvas course navigation provides quick links to helpful tools in Canvas along with tri-campus teaching resources such as guides, workshops, and self-paced training.
Students can also see the link, but when
they
click they're provided with student-centered help, Canvas assistance, and campus resources.
Canvas Guides
Canvas provides extensive support
specifically for instructors
. This includes
guides organized around topics and frequently asked questions
. If you're new to Canvas, or just need a refresher on some topics, review the instructor-specific guides below:
What are the browser requirements for Canvas?
How do I set my Canvas notification preferences?
How do I use the Canvas Dashboard?
How do I add an announcement in a course?
How do I copy content from another Canvas course using the Course Import tool?
Canvas also has
guides to help students
with all aspects of Canvas. This information is provided in the
Technology Support and Resources (FOR STUDENTS)
page in this module, along with direct links to guides that can help them with the basics in Canvas.
Canvas Help
For quick access to Canvas and UW resources for teaching in Canvas, click
Help
in the course navigation.
If you experience an issue while using Canvas, click
Help
and choose
Report a Problem
. This will open a request to
help@uw.edu
with information about the page you're on, which can help Learning Technologies support staff respond more efficiently to your issue.
Contact Learning Technologies
If you need assistance with your course, UW Learning Technologies can be reached through a variety of methods:
Email your question to
help@uw.edu
Click Help in the left sidebar of the Canvas interface and select
Report a Problem
Join a synchronous session
hosted by Learning Technologies staff, such as office hours or a workshop
Schedule an individual consultation by emailing
help@uw.edu