[Assignment: In Class Exercise User Feedback]
[Course: COMMLD-515]
[Concepts: personas, user-research, prototyping, ai-design, presentation]

This is an IN CLASS exercise to be conducted by collaborating with another team for their input. The goal is to perform interviews with potential users, learning about your persona and their perceptions of your paper prototype to improve your final product. Goals: Solidify your persona to match the users you interviewed Clarity on the user needs of your product Walk the user through your product, asking for feedback and gauging their interest Let them try to figure out how and what the screens would do as they attempt to complete those tasks Steps: 1) Interview up to 2 respondents each. Each of your team members should interview one person from the other team, with each interview lasting about 15-20 minutes. 2) Track results. Record in a central location a shared spreadsheet or doc for your findings and insights by recording your sessions with Zoom. 3) Synthesize results. Once all interviews are completed, regroup to Identify key insights and discoveries that you as a team see as compelling to reinforce your product's objectives, or changes you see are necessary. Copy your transcripts into an LLM AI tool like ChatGPT or Claude. Instruct the AI to extract direct quotes from the interviews that capture the customers perceptions, objectives, and motivations. Have it avoid solution language, but instead to identify key themes based on what was well understood as a mental model, what were some of the issues they struggled with to uncover or identify, and perceived goals. 4) Build an Inquiry. Once you have it identify from those themes, have the AI index the summarized information by parsing quotes that informed its point of view. Once done, you should be able to ask the AI questions to help you uncover questions you may have for it about the interview findings. Post these interactions as your assignment into a single doc. 5) Update your sketches (if need be). Where you need to move things around or change larger, important factors (not minor nits) of your UI or flow, update your existing sketches with those changes and submit as part of this assignment. NOTE: Since this is an in-class exercise designed to improve your final product, you will not be graded against a rubric on the quality of the assignment deliverables, only that you have completed it. Helpful Material Validating Ideas Through Concept Testing by Method How to Survive a Critique.pdf How to