[Assignment: Usability Script]
[Course: COMMLD-512]
[Concepts: personas, heuristics, usability, user-research, prototyping, presentation]

Usability Script ( for your Final Project ) Your usability script is designed to uncover qualitative and quantitive data to back up your presumptions found in your Client Heuristics Doc. Make sure your script and questions will uncover if those issues are incurred by your usability test respondents. Make sure your usability script is walking through at least two of the top tasks outlined in your persona. The script should take around 30 minutes to complete for a usability subject. You will want to ask as many of the types of questions outlined from our lecture that you feel are appropriate for that task to narrow down what you see are issues with the site. Prepare your interview script to include the following: Interview questions that help refine or verify your assumptions for your persona. Feedback to confirm your findings in your Heuristics Document. Try to use these methods to uncover user intent: Track accuracy of user expectations: For example, "From this page, how would you..." or "From this screen, what do you think this service/application is for?" Usability of prototype: For example, "From a star rating of 1-5, 5 being best, how easy would you rate this experience" Value and brand halo of experience: For example, "From a star rating of 1-5, 5 being best, how likely would you be to using this tool/service?" 3) Interview TWO respondents for each member of your team: Each team member must interview two people, with each interview lasting about 20 minutes You will need to shadow at least 2 interviews of somebody else on your team, taking notes on their behalf 4) Track results: Record in a central location a spreadsheet for your findings. Each column should be a question and each user's response should be a row. Sample Spreadsheets here: Tanooki-Research-data.xlsx World Vision Interview Notes.xls Interview Responses.xlsx Your questions should try to cover the following topics: Does it have the appropriate functionality? Is the branding providing a positive response? Does the content support the user goals? Are the actions the user looking to do findable, intuitive and provide good usability? Example question types are: Needs from the software/online service Value proposition of the software/online service Findability of elements Expectations set by navigation elements Gap between expectations and reality Comprehension of text Intention to perform a given action Ease of performing a task Friction points in performing a task Improvements they feel