[Assignment: Qualitative Study]
[Course: COMMLD 515 A]
[Concepts: personas, usability, user-research, prototyping, ai-design, presentation]
[Aligned Teaching Concepts: Information Architecture, Usability Testing, Prototyping]
[Due: 2026-05-21T06:59:00Z]

their overall customer journey. Track Results. Create charts tracking customer scoring with how closely their needs are met with your product solution: On a score of 1 to 5 stars, 5 being best, rate how likely you are to use this experience if it were available? On a score of 1 to 5 stars, 5 being best, rate how likely you would recommend it to someone who was <needing your product offering>? On a score of 1 to 5 stars, 5 being best, rate how easy <the product> seems to use for your needs? Once conducted, Feed the new interview recording transcripts into your original LLM from In Class Exercise: User Feedback. Your assignement deliverable is to ask the LLM the following questions to answer and post the answers: What is new that we learned with the new interviews? What was reinforced from the previous paper prototype interviews? What are the biggest issues to resolve and what are your recommendations? Tell me the reasoning Usability Script Tips (optional): If you choose to update your script, ideal script should walk through at least two of the top tasks outlined in your persona(s). The script should take around 10-15 minutes to complete per usability subject. You will want to ask as many of the types of questions outlined in the sample scripts below that you feel are appropriate for that task to narrow down what you see as potential issues with the site. Your questions should try to cover the following topics: Does it have the appropriate functionality? Does the content support the user goals? Are the actions the user looking to do findable, intuitive and provide good usability? Example question types are: Needs from the software/online service Value proposition of the software/online service Findability of elements Expectations set by navigation elements Gap between expectations and reality Comprehension of text Intention to perform a given action Ease of performing a task Friction points in performing a task Improvements they feel should be made Motivators/facilitators to continuing Inhibitors/barriers to continuing Preference between options Memory for a previous stimulus Learning along the flow References: Usability Question Pointers.pdf https://www.nngroup.com/articles/usability-testing-101. https://www.nngroup.com/articles/why-you-only-need-to-test-with-5-users/ NOTE: Since this is an exercise designed to improve your final product, you will not be graded against a rubric on the quality of the assignment deliverables, only that you have completed it.