[Assignment: Building User Personas]
[Course: ARCHIVED: COMMLD 512 A]
[Concepts: personas, ai-design, branding]
[Aligned Teaching Concepts: User Research Methods, Persona Definition, Simplification & Clarity]
[Due: 2025-10-21T00:59:00Z]

Building User Personas Listen to: Freakanomics Podcast on Trader Joe's Create two Personas; The Loyal Foodie and The Distracted Urbanite that best describe the ideal customer who would be interested in an online delivery service offered by Trader Joe's, an artisan grocery chain. You can also consider in-store innovations as well. Trader Joe's Business Goals for the online experience is to: Gain a new customer segment that can be enticed by online shopping, but still stays true to its brand Increase frequency of customers purchasing by optimizing for user needs Increase the average quantity of items purchased by hyper-efficient suggestion model and ease of use Inspire customers to experiment with new foods Create a unique branded experience that is authentic to Trader Joe's Target their identified audiences: Loyal Foodie & Distracted Urbanite. The Distracted Urbanite enjoys the convenience of the ready made and easy to cook, with a small number of cart items. The Loyal Foodie They loyally shop for supplemental items for their family seeking out items that are unique to Trader Joe's that they can't get from their regular grocery shopping, with a larger cart of items. For each personas, you will need to: Visit a Trader Joe's and observe customers. Take notes to identify trends: How do they dress? How old are they? What kinds of things are they buying? What are they driving (or not)? Who are they with when they are shopping? What are they talking about? Are there similarities between any kind of demographics? What is the brand connection with the persona? What are their food habits and shopping cart size and food choices? What type of grocery or recipe related apps are they using, if any? How long do they stay in the store? Do they meander or hone in on specific things? For each persona, your should: What to look for: Identify consistent issues Identify patterns of behavior Figure out which issues you are going to tackle Keep track of insights and ideas From your observations, identify the trends and demographics you noticed and try to bucket which ones meet the general audiences as you have identified them. Do further online research on any supplemental demographic data, research or associated articles can be found that overlaps with your identified users. Any empirical research that helps round out your understanding can be used. If you find that the differences break differently than by