[Assignment: Final Project Kick Off ]
[Course: ARCHIVED: COMMLD 512 A]
[Concepts: personas, heuristics, usability, user-research, ai-design, presentation]
[Aligned Teaching Concepts: Workflow Automation]
[Due: None]

Final Project Kick Off In teams of four to five, your final project is to present a comprehensive usability study to identify which of the heuristics you identified are issues for the target Persona and your recommendations for improvement. Your data will be informed by survey data and usability test results on subjects that meet your target persona. From those findings, build a report on the main issues identified and your recommendations for improvements. Your target audience is a college student provided here: Student Persona.png. You will need to add pain point and goals that reflect the use case you have chosen. Sample Projects: Allrecipes Usability Report.zip Play Network.zip Microsoft Faculty Resource Center.zip World Vision.zip You will be required to moderate 2 tests and to participate as note taker for another team members’ 2 tests. You are recommended to record your sessions. To make life a little easier, you are not required to make video clips from the usability sessions for your final project, but you are welcome to record them if you have the capability of doing it. You will want to perform your usability tests either in person or remotely with remote software using Zoom or GoToMeeting. If you wish to use the University's lab (free to students) go to the UW HCDE Lab to find out more. Files will need to be submitted by the start of class on the day of your Final Presentation, so please take the best advantage of the work sessions from here on through and prepare what you would like my assistance on and what you plan on achieving with your team members. For the final, you will be graded for completing the entirety of these deliverables. - Target Persona's Pain Points & Goals - Usability Script - Spreadsheet of Interview & Survey Findings - Summary Presentation Target Persona This data will be used to vet who are your usability subjects and defining the user pain points and goals. Usability Script Make sure your usability script is walking through at least two of the top tasks outlined in your persona. Including initial interview questions, the script should take around 30 minutes to complete for each usability subject. You will want to ask as many of the types of questions that you feel are appropriate for that task to narrow down what you see are issues with the site defined by your Heuristics