[Assignment: Final Presentation]
[Course: COMMLD-512]
[Concepts: personas, heuristics, usability, user-research, ai-design, presentation]

The Summary Presentation deliverable makes up half of the grade you receive for the final. Make sure you have enough content for a twenty-minute presentation. Each member of the team needs to contribute to the presentation and you will need to share your time each presenting a portion of it. You will want to include the following elements in your presentation for your Final Project . Short Summary of the client and the goal of your test Your Persona's pain points and goals Summary slide describing who you tested (e.g. 4 females and 2 males, 3 were heavy users of the site, etc.) and any additional data you learned from surveys What tasks you tested The main failings of the site that did not perform well and key responses you heard. Include charts or other forms of visualization of your data that backs up your claim of what failed (Number of fails, number of wrong paths, number of responses that ranked the experience low, the time it took to complete, ratings given by respondents, etc.) and what was successful. Your suggestions on how you would fix the problem. Sample suggestions are to include low-fidelity to high-fidelity design treatment, layout and position changes, suggested labeling, functionality improvements, etc. This is the most important part of your presentation as I am looking for your understanding of what you discovered and your analysis for what would improve it. Presentations need to be 20 minutes long with 5 minutes for questions. You are free to provide video samples of user commentary as part of your presentation. Student Final Project Example Additional samples of professional presentations: Artizone usability report.pdf Amazon Warehouse Deals-3.pptx WorkforceExplorer_UsabilityBaseline_3Dec2010_V12FINAL-1.pptx Tanooki Usability Test Results.pdf MTG-Usability_Report-FINAL.pdf Not necessarily a format to follow, but a brilliant example of usability research done on Tiktok Recommended Reading: Don’t Make Me Think Chapters 11-12 Rocket Surgery Made Easy: Chapter 13 https://growth.design/psychology/ Additional Reading I recommend Important Tips: Define who you tested and why Describe the problem What are the major inhibitors for success? Demonstrate through examples the pain point with screenshots, data points, or video What main heuristics were a concern Highlight the top categories of issues and show examples that reinforce with examples. What was successful and worth leveraging Use Likert scoring to reinforce it Reinforce findings that illustrate the problem Fail rate or time to complete task Approval rating via Net Promoter scoring Humanize the