[Assignment: User Persona]
[Course: COMMLD 515 A]
[Concepts: personas, user-research, ai-design, presentation]
[Aligned Teaching Concepts: User Research Methods, Persona Definition, Interface Design]
[Due: 2026-04-16T00:59:00Z]

User Persona Build a Persona of the intended customer for your product idea and include relevant research to back your claims. As a team, gather insights that apply to your target customer(s). Adapt the use cases for your target persona demographic (below) to identify how it best applies for the Student Persona. Include Pain Points and User Goals for this persona as determined by your Working Backwards Pitch doc. You may find there are several customers with different needs or demographics. From your observations, identify the trends and demographics you noticed and try to bucket which ones meet the general audiences as you have identified them. Do further online research on any supplemental demographic data, research or associated articles can be found that overlaps with your identified users. Any empirical research that helps round out your understanding can be used. You will want to narrow it down to the core one or two personas that best represent your product opportunity's core needs. You will have time in class to align before submitting the assignment. I will want you to consider how your solution can leverage Generative AI in improving the frictions you identified. These should not be an open prompt chat bot, but instead assistance in synthesizing or connecting tasks. 1) Research: What insights emerged? Learn about process. Read: https://hci.stanford.edu/courses/dsummer/handouts/NeedFinding.pdf Do relevant web based or library-based searches to better understand your customers. Perform customer observations/contextual inquiry through interviews and/or surveys (best if as an adjunct to observations). Share what you learned with your team what you identified what your customer would say as the main issue they are looking to solve. What to look for: Identify consistent issues Identify patterns of behavior Figure out which issues you are going to tackle Keep track of insights and ideas 2) Persona: Who is the ideal customer(s)? Create a 2-page document of your persona(s) defining who they are and the core jobs to be done Outline core needs that solve in hierarchical list of importance what your project will do Pick a team name/business/app name (use in title slides) Product & Persona Definition through Goal Directed Design (Jobs to be Done) From those conclusions, write up the framework for your user persona which must contain: Required Components General demographics Audience-specific criteria relevant to your product domain 3–4 primary user goals / motivations describing your persona's motivation, purpose for needing and using the product