[Assignment: Qualitative Study]
[Course: COMMLD-515]
[Concepts: personas, usability, user-research, prototyping, ai-design, presentation]

Perform a 10 to 15 minute qualitative study (informal usability interview) with at least 4 test subjects (in total for the team) leveraging your Interview Script. You can choose to either conduct moderated tests over Zoom OR unmoderated via UserTesting.com. Your test subjects cannot be people on your team. Your goal is to identify ways to improve your prototype, so focus your script on specifically uncovering what you look to improve as well as validating your wireframe meet your intended mental model. Look at ways ways to improve the labeling, functionality, layout, the efficiency in completing steps, etc. You can choose to either update your existing script from last work or modify it as you see fit. You will need to turn in your usability notes from your study on what you learned from the test subjects. Watch the following qualitative study demo: Things to consider: How do they stack up to your persona? Ask at least 3 market research related questions that would be used to better understand your Persona audience. These can be either items you wish to verify found in your persona or additional data points you feel would be valuable in understanding the background of your audience and document their answer. What was their experience like? Ask questions related to their actual experience that helps for them to describe to you the anxiety / business objective that you are trying to solve. Share. Once you have spoken to them about their experience, feel free to share with them your existing mockups and listen to their feedback about how this would effect that analog experience they had previously described to you. What was bad? Document in brief summary form what functionality, use cases, labeling, organization, instructions and/or user flow changes you would change based on what you had heard from your interview subject. What was good? Document in brief summary form what elements from your mockups your interview helped to confirm are inline with your intended experience How can it improve? Document in brief summary what suggestions your customer would want to see to improve their overall customer journey. Track Results. Create charts tracking customer scoring with how closely their needs are met with your product solution: On a score of 1 to 5 stars, 5 being best, rate how likely you are to use this experience if it were available? On a score of 1 to