[Assignment: Buddy TV User Interviews]
[Course: ARCHIVED: COMMLD 512 A]
[Concepts: personas, user-research, prototyping, design-thinking, ai-design, presentation]
[Aligned Teaching Concepts: User Research Methods, Interface Design, Prototyping]
[Due: 2025-11-12T07:00:00Z]

Buddy TV User Interviews Imagine you are hired by Buddy TV (a TV news site to follow television shows) to build a fan site for a cult-following show. Buddy TV wants a sub-site that is compelling and unique to that show. Your objective is to uncover a unique set of offerings for BuddyTV that serves the show’s dedicated fans, increases user engagement with the content you create, and leverages social media. You will be placed into a team, assigned to one of the cult-following shows below: Kpop Demon Hunters Stranger Things Queer Eye Squid Game The Voice Follow these steps: Individually, research the subject matter for the show you are assigned. Write a list of interview questions (approx. 10 questions per person) that uncover more about your target audience, using the techniques outlined in our class discussion. They are also available to reference in the slides here. UX Research Week 6.pdf As a group, interview 2-3 people that are fans of that show and discuss why the show is interesting to them. It is up to you to find those fans- they can even be other students from the class not in your group. Your Interview goal is to find out what a typical fan would want as information, entertainment, and content to support their interest in the show. Uncover what makes the show compelling and what kind of content BuddyTV should build for their fansite. Based on those learnings, come up with what offerings and features you would recommend for that audience that are contextual to that audience. Brainstorm and sketch ideas (one per team member), that you feel would be compelling for fans of that show, based on what you heard in your interviews, writing a 1-2 sentence justification how the idea is based on your users. Based on your interview, your presentation includes: 1. Audience Proto-Persona (1 slide). What are the types of interests your interviewees are interested in that relate to the topic/genre/culture of the show, as well as the age group you see would be that target audience. 2. Product Objective (1 to 2 slides) What is the core opportunity? Describe what would be valuable to this fan base that would deliver higher engagement with Buddy TV. Why is it important to your customer? Explain what it is about your user experience that is specific to that fan community. 3. Proposal of 1 applets /