[Assignment: Detecting User Issues]
[Course: ARCHIVED: COMMLD 512 A]
[Concepts: ai-design, presentation]
[Aligned Teaching Concepts: Workflow Automation, User Research Methods, Usability Testing]
[Due: 2025-10-07T01:00:00Z]

Detecting User Issues Describe what you see as the main issues with the existing grading process / UI. Prioritize the issues and provide recommendations for how best to solve them. Amazon reviews all products that are returned to determine the quality level of each item before it is re-sold under the Warehouse Deals name. Your assignment is to review how the Grading Associate interacts with the grading software and to determine what issues around the UI or procedures hamper quality or yield: Review all the observation videos posted below Write down what you see as the key pain points and the negative outcomes that come from those issues Provide Recommendations that help solve for the key issues identified Based on viewing all the videos, use the two categories below, plus determine your own third Category (as the example below represents). For each category, complete 5 to 8 findings, outcomes, and solutions per category. I have included a sample entry for the first category. For any questions about the assignment or the videos, please post at the Q&A Class Assignments Discussion Board. Thoughtful consideration of the following will determine your grade: What would improve efficiency? How do you solve for accuracy issues? What is missing from the existing process that you would recommend? What changes would improve the overall customer experience? Issue Category 1: Grading Quality Associates face a disadvantage in taking time to be accurate in their evaluation of an item. The time spent by associates to problem-solve what might be a flaw in the quality of an item they are reviewing impacts their hourly efficiency quota, disincentivizing assuring that flaws are identified. ? ? ? ? ? This can lead to unhappy customers due to receiving an evaluated product that improperly rated the item's quality by undermining trust in Amazon's used items. If occurrences of purchasing items from Amazon's used inventory are more than an anomaly for customers, this can lead to broader frustration in undermining customer loyalty in general. ? ? ? Produce a KPI (key performance indicator) that tracks for evaluation accuracy. If Amazon validates instead for the accuracy of grading (Like New is evaluated by a second associate also as Like New) versus the existing validation of tracking if the item was properly marked as 'rejected' or 'sellable', it can positively impact user needs of having confidence in the expectations of the quality in what they