[Assignment: Customer Journey Map And Product Experience Storyboard]
[Course: COMMLD-515]
[Concepts: personas, design-thinking, ai-design, presentation]

brainstorm all services, features, and functionality that can enhance, support or fulfill the need. Vote to determine the most important brainstorm ideas that are best serving each stage. Use Miro or FigJam to ideate and vote. Each contributor should cast their top 5 picks (e.g., with a ❤️) followed by their Second 5 (e.g., with a 👍) for 10 altogether. Use this Miro link for an example Draw a rough customer journey as it occurs online and offline for the end-to-end customer experience, mapping out the user journey you created and include captions plus list the top voted features for each frame. This should be demonstrated as a Customer Journey Map with an accompanying rough Storyboard. Use this tool to easily build with UXPressia https://uxpressia.com/customer-journey-map-online-tool. From that, create a storyboard to demonstrate the improvement on the existing experience with your product as the solution to those gaps in the customer journey. Story boards should be at least 8 panels. They can be hand-drawn, or you are also free to assist in the creation of these materials using Generative AI. Photograph (if done analog) or screenshot each stage of the process. The storyboard should start contain: Where the problem starts for your user How a user is introduced to the product service How the experience solves the problem(s) What are the outcomes based on it being solved Storyboards may be: Hand-drawn (photographed) Digitally created Assisted by Generative AI (with clear intent and structure) Consider for each step: Context – Where is the user? What is around them? Are there any external factors which may be distracting them? Progression – How does each step enable them to get to the next? Devices – what device are they using?Are they a novice or expert? What features does the device have? Functionality – What type of functionality are they expecting? Is it achievable? Empathy mapping– What is their emotional state in each step? Are they engaged, bored, frustrated? Example Storyboards from our Class Exercise Flex Car MiroBoard Customer Journey - In-Store Amazon Trade-In DiaLife Customer Journey Assignment Sample Journey Maps: Customer Journey Map_SushiTrain.pdf Example here: https://uxpressia.com/page-cjm/templates/Bespoke-manufacturing-in-healthcare-CJM-large.png References: What is a Customer Journey Storyboarding in UX Design Flexcar customer journey voting sample https://uxpressia.com/customer-journey-map-online-tool